hi guys st. Patrick's Day is fast
approaching it's gonna be next week
Tuesday but I wanted to put up this
video well in advance because I want you
guys to have time you will get the
ingredients that you're going to need to
make this fantastic dish we're making
colcannon take a look at it
isn't that gorgeous oh my goodness
potatoes and cabbage and bacon where can
you go wrong with this I promise you're
gonna love it you're watching the bear
pantry show because I'm only gonna feed
about three or four people I only need
four medium sized potatoes I've washed
them and now it's just a matter of
peeling them and then dicing them small
because I want them to boil rather
quickly so over to the stove I have a
big pot of water and I just gotta throw
my potatoes in and let them go and
they're gonna cook till they're tender
while those are cooking I'm just gonna
add a few slices of bacon to this
skillet and I'm only going to add about
five or six pieces but you can add as
many pieces as you need okay cut the
fire on and then just a lot of bacon to
cook now over to the counter again I'm
moving rather quickly here cut a head of
cabbage in half and then just go ahead
and get the half chopped up no you want
to chop them up kind of small but not
too fine and I'm only going to use half
a cabbage I'm running my knife through
it to get all the big chunks and I've
decided that it's too much because the
head of cabbage was too big so I'm only
going to use what's on the plate
I've brought Joe in to help me with the
bacon because it's moving too quickly
now here comes the onions well 1 onion
I'm gonna dice a path for this onion
this is how I dice only guys you know I
know it's not fancy but this is how I
get it done and so Joe is cooking the
bacon we don't want the bacon too
crunchy but we don't want them underdone
take them off and put them on a piece of
paper like this and no we want the bacon
grease because we're gonna dump the
cabbage in the same bacon grease and
it's not a whole lot of grease ok so
don't panic put some onions in and just
go ahead and let this saute for a little
bit until they're slightly tender and
then over to the
cut the stove off and then pour it
through a colander in the sink and now
just kind of drain it off really really
well we're gonna make mashed potatoes
alright so they'll dump it back into the
pot and then mash and I'm using my
potato masher and you want to mash them
according to what you like I kind of
like my mashed potatoes kind of chunkier
rather than smoother so I'm not gonna
like overly mash these okay so I'm still
going through it to get the bigger
pieces and now I'm just gonna put some
salt and some black pepper and if you
want to put other spices to make it more
you know vibrant for yourself just go
ahead and do that about half a cup of
milk I don't want this to get too soft
and squishy okay so here we are we're
kind of ready here now over to the
counter oh let me taste first yeah it's
nice so let me get my cabbage I'm just
putting it in the colander to drain off
some of the grease but it's not a whole
lot of grease that's really left in it
and now back over to the counter I'm
just gonna tear apart the bacon and it
they're gonna crunchy when I like it
like that you know it's just depending
on what how you like your bacon so here
we are we're ready to make this medley
first thing I'm gonna do is dump the
bacon into the mashed potato dump the
cabbage mixture in and then just use a
wooden spoon to just kind of fold we
don't want to stir we just want to fold
and get everything all mixed in at this
point you can add some melted butter but
I don't want to do that yet I'm gonna do
it after did you guys notice that I'm
wearing my green for st. Patty's Day so
dump everything into a big serving bowl
and after it's all in here I'm gonna
create somewhat of a crater in the
middle to pour this wonderful beautiful
butter now all I want to do is kind of
fold the butter in so every part of this
dish can get some of this beautiful
butter okay so it's easy how simple is
this this is gonna serve three to four
people look at the bacon on top and
voila just lovely so wasn't that
fantastic now let me tell you guys
enlist some help if you're trying to do
everything
at the same time okay because I was
trying to cook the bacon and the potato
and dice up the cabbage and the onions
all at the same time and I had to holler
for Joe to come help me with the bacon
now you can do it by yourself if you
just kind of cook the bacon separately
first and set it aside and then you can
pretty much handle everything else but
if you're trying to do everything at
once and list some help okay your family
loves to come help in the kitchen they
just don't like to clean up the mess I
promise you this is so good
I love this I made one time before and I
absolutely adored it so I had to do it
again so this is my little Irish meal
from my kitchen to your kitchen you know
my maiden name is McNab but it spell MC
NAB and my grandfather was Scottish and
so I always thought that was the correct
spelling of the McNab until somebody
told me that the Irish people spell
McNab MC NAB and the skies spell that ma
see if that's true let me know for my
Irish viewers if that's true let me know
but anyways I'm a McNab before I married
Joe who is the Greenwich so if you guys
like this video hit the thumbs up please
share it with your friends and family
for me and have a safe and happy st.
Patrick's Day until I see you guys again
take care take time
thank you so much for liking the video
and subscribing please check out my
other two channels the product review
channel bare pantry talk and come have
some fun with my family and me over at
the vlog channel Babs bear talk